Add `blog_id` to install request options (#373)
doofinder/doofinder-woocommerce: doofinder-for-woocommerce/readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= 2.8.0 =

> - Add `blog_id` and schema less `url` to installation options for store identification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `blog_id` and schemaless `url` to installation options for store identification.
```
